Cleanup of cannned responses (#76689)
ansible/ansible: hacking/ticket_stubs/bug_internal_api.md

Hi!

> Thanks very much for your submission to Ansible.  It sincerely means a lot to us

Reviewer: When you mention sincerity or honesty, you often suggest its opposite in the mind of the reader. This is a change I would suggest throughout. 
```suggestion
Thanks very much for your submission to Ansible.  It means a lot to us
```

Reviewer 2: Yup, I was wondering about that as well, thanks Alicia

> to have an active community that is willing to submit feedback so that we may

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
to have an active community that is willing to submit feedback so that we can
```

continue to make Ansible better.

The Ansible Python API is considered internal and an unsupported aspect of Ansible,

> as such this is not considered a bug unless it causes an issue with an Ansible command line tools

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
as such this is not considered a bug unless it causes an issue with Ansible command line tools
```

(`ansible`, `ansible-playbook`, `ansible-doc`, etc).

> We do support the provided API for use by the development of plugins (modules, dynamic inventories, callbacks, strategies, etc),

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We do support the provided API for use in developing plugins (modules, dynamic inventories, callbacks, strategies, etc),
```

but this does not seem to match that case.

> If you really need a stable API target to use Ansible consider using ansilbe-runner:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you really need a stable API target to use Ansible, consider using ansible-runner:
```
